so hey Billy can you tell me about those
awesome shoes you're wearing he's right
here
my Vibram toe shoes they are the classic
original I guess this was what shoe
person told me that they're like a basic
model they were 85 bucks at a shoe store
in downtown Santa Cruz California we've
got a little job girl right here other
than that that's the only movable part I
don't wear socks underneath it's just me
and my toes they keep my toes nice and
straight
and I wearing for running events pretty
much stuff like body building it doesn't
really matter what Footwear you use but
on my running events I've worn these for
tough mudder 2011 warrior - 2011
Hollywood half marathon in 2012 and it
provides support in a way that really
makes you rank on my big foot there's
not enough support what's striking
mid-foot like that really it's nice it
feels like it's almost like my barefoot
against the grounds and aside from that
weightlifting these are good for two of
your power lifts any kind of squats
because it keeps your weight back over
your heels and deadlift same thing dead
look right here it keeps your weight
over your heels don't want to wear these
CrossFitters for your Olympic lifting
but for the Olympic lifting you're
really striking hard of your heels it's
a lot about heel striking these are not
good for heel striking there's only
about I don't know eight the miniature
rubber right there
so Vibrams good for moderate running
under six miles good for deadlifts
squats not good for bodybuilding
workouts not good for Olympic lifting
workouts there you have it that's me my
vibe rubs like we're there probably
about three times a week
ya know you do a two other day yes I did
to learning right now but uh I guess you
chose to say is try it out if you want
Vibram toe shoes by fancy by